README.md, before:

Test First Ruby -- RSpec 3 Edition
==========

See [testfirst.org/learn_ruby](http://testfirst.org/learn_ruby#install) for more information about how this will work.  These test-first Ruby challenges have been forked from [https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby](https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby) and updated to use RSpec 3 instead of RSpec 2.


### On a High Level

Basically, you will fork this repository and then clone it onto your local computer.  For each of the exercises, you will run the specs from the command line to see what tests you need to make pass (see the link above for more info about how to do that).  You will then write the Ruby code that makes those tests pass and move on to the next exercise.


### Getting Started

To get started, jump into the `/00_hello` directory, run `bundle install` from the command line to install the required libraries, and then view the `hello_spec.rb` file in your text editor.  The comments at the top will kick things off.

Basically, this is "error-driven development"... you'll keep running tests, hitting error messages, fixing those messages, running more tests...  It is meant to not only test your Ruby skills but also get you comfortable seeing big scary looking stack traces and error messages.  Most of the development you do at first will be just like this.  In fact, most of *all* development is error-driven.  So get comfortable with it!


### Finishing Up

When you're done, push your changes to your forked repo and then submit a pull request to this repo so we can see your solutions and verify that you've completed the exercises.


### Troubleshooting

* Don't name any of your directories with spaces in them! It will give you horribly frustrating error messages and code hates dealing with spaces.  For instance:

  ```language-bash
  # BAD:
  /Documents/My Homework/ruby

  # GOOD:
  /Documents/my_homework/ruby
  ```


### Credit

This is forked from [https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby](https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby), its original creator.

Commit message:

Updated README.md, showing have forked will update

README.md, after:

Test First Ruby -- RSpec 3 Edition
==========


This repo has been forked from VikingEducation as part of the Odin Project Full Stack Ruby-on-Rails developer course.

I will update with my own code and solutions in this repo.

See the original README below
==========

See [testfirst.org/learn_ruby](http://testfirst.org/learn_ruby#install) for more information about how this will work.  These test-first Ruby challenges have been forked from [https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby](https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby) and updated to use RSpec 3 instead of RSpec 2.


### On a High Level

Basically, you will fork this repository and then clone it onto your local computer.  For each of the exercises, you will run the specs from the command line to see what tests you need to make pass (see the link above for more info about how to do that).  You will then write the Ruby code that makes those tests pass and move on to the next exercise.


### Getting Started

To get started, jump into the `/00_hello` directory, run `bundle install` from the command line to install the required libraries, and then view the `hello_spec.rb` file in your text editor.  The comments at the top will kick things off.

Basically, this is "error-driven development"... you'll keep running tests, hitting error messages, fixing those messages, running more tests...  It is meant to not only test your Ruby skills but also get you comfortable seeing big scary looking stack traces and error messages.  Most of the development you do at first will be just like this.  In fact, most of *all* development is error-driven.  So get comfortable with it!


### Finishing Up

When you're done, push your changes to your forked repo and then submit a pull request to this repo so we can see your solutions and verify that you've completed the exercises.


### Troubleshooting

* Don't name any of your directories with spaces in them! It will give you horribly frustrating error messages and code hates dealing with spaces.  For instance:

  ```language-bash
  # BAD:
  /Documents/My Homework/ruby

  # GOOD:
  /Documents/my_homework/ruby
  ```


### Credit

This is forked from [https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby](https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby), its original creator.
